# Check-In #2  11/14/2025   

## Prior Feedback      
We were encouraged to expand on our analyses in a more biological context, so we thought through how to do so. Expanding on that, we also factored in the background reactivation. We will add another component as well. Nicholas has run the experiment with and without an HDAC inhibitor, to see the effects on BRD4. Once we have both sets of trajectories tracked, we will perform some statistical analysis and see if the difference is significant. 
We received comments from 2 peers that we will address. One asked to provide metadata to briefly explain what each of the columns in the SMT CSV files represents, and we are currently discussing with Thomas to make sure we are correct in our assignments. 
The other asked to contextualize the project more. We will have updated the markdown file with more background, including Thomas’s paper as a reference. We appreciate the comments!   

## Progress    
We have code that iterates through multiple csv files in one folder using a for loop and dictionary. It does so by identifying the files in the folder as csv, and running the script for them. We also took into account the spontaneous reactivation. We need to account for this “background” in order to normalize the data. We also have an example if we don’t have a file that specifically contains the spontaneous reactivation data.   

## Project Organization     
The updated python notebook is in the repository (was running into trouble when trying to add it to the doc subdirectory).   

# Struggles/Questions      
We are running into an error when we combine two folders (visible when you run the code). We were also thinking of running a t-test comparing individual data points, but we are not sure if that is the best method to compare the two data sets. We were also not sure if the number of data points in one graph would be too much to compare, so initially we will compare 100 files.   
